# README.md
 
Deep Learning Exploration

This lab was very exstensive and required us to create four different deep learning models. The first model was based off an IMDB dataset of reviews. We wanted the model to be able to classify them into negative or positive reviews. This data would essentially be used to train the model to perform this task accurately. The data consisted of 50,000 different reviews. This was then split into halves, one half for training and the other half for testing. We used two hidden layer models with the relu activation function. We then used the sigmoid activation function in our output layer. Our model ended up overfitting with an accuracy of .88, we were encouraged to change the optimizer and loss function to improve our results. Unforunately these changes only worsened our accuracy score. The second model was a deep learning model which was supposed to determine whether a song would be go viral based off of several features such as bpm, dancebility, liveliness, etc.. The data we used contained the top 100 songs on spotify for 2023 and the variety of features. In retrospect this data was far to small to create an effective model. We used the relu and sigmoid activation functions again with binary crossentropy for our loss function and the adam optimizer. Our model returned an extremely high accuracy rating due to the fact that we wanted to consider only the top songs in the 100 to be considered viral. So this expected a song to hit 2.8 trillion streams to be considered viral which is the average amount streams for the top 10 songs. Doing this it was just really good at predicting that a song would not go viral majority of the time. Our third model was used to predict passenger airline satisfaction. It returned to us an accuracy of 56%. Lastly, our final model was used to predict whether a patient had diatbetes based on their health attributes. This model achieved an accuracy rating of 70.78% which is fair but no were near the minimum total error we were aiming for. This lab helped us with our ability to code deep learning models and also conduct feature engineering furthering bettering our understanding and confidence in creating our own deep learning models based on our own selected data.   
